227 - Add simple design token implementation example (#241)
infor-design/design-system: design-tokens/EXAMPLE.md

# Example

> This is a simple example of how to implement a design token in your code. We offer many formats of the design tokens, but this example uses SASS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple example of how to implement a design token in your web application code. We offer many formats of the design tokens, but this example uses [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/).

The best way to integrate tokens into your project is to use [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). See this project's [README.md](https://github.com/infor-design/design-system#installing-ids-identity-in-your-project) for details on how to install and locate the files.
```

## Initial files

> 1. Our file hierarchy looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In this example, let's assume our project file hierarchy looks like this:
```

    ```txt
    ├── project/
    |   ├── sass/
    |       ├── styles.scss
    |       ├── my-theme-light.scss
    |       ├── my-theme-dark.scss
    ├── dist/
    ├── node_modules
        ├── ids-identity/
            ├──tokens/
                ├──web/

>                     ├── theme-soho-scss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    ├── theme-soho.scss
```

                    ├── theme-soho-dark.scss
    ```

1. Start with a simple Sass definition to showcase the body's `background-color` property.

    - sass/styles.scss

        ```css
        body {
            background-color: $body-color-primary-background;
        }
        ```

> 1. We will use two theme files to import the specific token theme and `styles.scss` file in the proper order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We will use two theme files to import the specific token theme and the web application's main `styles.scss` file in the proper order.
```

    - sass/my-theme-light.scss

        ```css

>         @import ../../node_modules/ids-identity/tokens/web/theme-soho.scss; // Use the soho original theme (lighter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        @import ../../node_modules/ids-identity/dist/tokens/web/theme-soho.scss; // Use the soho original theme (lighter)
```

        @import styles.scss;
        ```

    - sass/my-theme-dark.scss

        ```css

>         @import ../../node_modules/ids-identity/tokens/web/theme-soho-dark.scss; // Use the soho dark theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        @import ../../node_modules/ids-identity/dist/tokens/web/theme-soho-dark.scss; // Use the soho dark theme
```

        @import styles.scss;
        ```

> 1. There are many ways to compile SASS into CSS and we aren't sure what system you use, so we'll use our magical psuedo code function `psuedoSassToCSS()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There are many ways to compile Sass into CSS. Since we aren't sure what system you use, in this example, we'll use a magical pseudo code function `pseudoSassToCSS()`:
```

    ```js

>     psuedoSassToCSS(['sass/my-theme-light.scss', 'sass/my-theme-dark.scss']);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pseudoSassToCSS(['sass/my-theme-light.scss', 'sass/my-theme-dark.scss']);
```

    ```

1. Post-compile you'll have two CSS files that correspond with each theme:

    - dist/my-theme-light.css

        ```css
        body {
            background-color: #f0f0f0;
        }
        ```

    - dist/my-theme-dark.css

        ```css
        body {
            background-color: #454545;
        }
        ```

> 1. In your website/app, you can include either stylesheet `dist/my-theme-light.css` or `dist/my-theme-dark.css`. You could even write a javascript mechanism to allow the user to control which theme they see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your web application, you can include either stylesheet `dist/my-theme-light.css` or `dist/my-theme-dark.css`. You could even write a JavaScript mechanism to allow the user to control which theme they see.
```
